fix(css): prevent TOC overflow with custom --sl-content-width (#4008)
withastro/starlight: .changeset/fix-toc-overflow-custom-width.md

---
"@astrojs/starlight": patch
---

> Fix TOC overflowing the right edge of the viewport when a custom `--sl-content-width` value exceeds available space

Reviewer: Small nit on the change description:

```suggestion
Fixes the table of contents overflowing the right edge of the viewport when a custom `--sl-content-width` value exceeds available space
```

Author: Done, thanks!
